# Paper to this repository
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.04420

## Getting started
Start with the data in the `data` directory. The data is split into train and test parts. The notebooks and scripts in the `Experiments` directory read data from this directory.  

## Experiment

In the `Experiments` directory, you will find various notebooks and scripts. The names of these files are descriptive of their functions. For example:

- `run_all.py`: This script handles the overall process of training and predicting for all individuals.
- `fine_tune_all_person_at_once.py`: This script is used to fine-tune the model for all individuals at once.
- `test_all_person_at_once.py`: This script is used to test the model for all individuals at once.
- `fine_tuning_lora.ipynb`: This notebook is used for fine-tuning the model using the LoRA method.

## Results

The `results` directory contains the output generated by the experiments. This includes trained model files, evaluation metrics, and any visualizations or logs produced during the experiments.

## License

Copyright 2024 Sayed Muddashir Hossain

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

- The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

- THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
